cmdngx9n7000702lc74xp5aaa.md, before:

---
title: "Flying over glaciers in Alaska"
datePublished: Mon Jul 28 2025 18:55:28 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
cuid: cmdngx9n7000702lc74xp5aaa
slug: flying-over-glaciers-in-alaska
cover: https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728061493/9bddf802-c105-4625-928f-96b388fc1f15.jpeg
ogImage: https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728922019/4ff31f0c-7de8-4ecd-b18b-3ea22ffe8279.jpeg
tags: aviation

---

Last year I had the opportunity to take a flight lesson with the instructors over at Arctic Flyers in Anchorage Alaska. What an amazing time! I hope to go back this year to get more instructions on what it takes to fly in Alaskan airspace. Maybe one day I’ll be confident enough to go flying on my own!

<iframe width="1514" height="596" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jOlWguUZ5Mc"></iframe>

  

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728856526/ae142e4d-555c-4c56-ad09-2b7a64496af1.jpeg align="center")

  

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728868781/3f5c1701-b405-4f53-9ba5-8f8e21698ad5.jpeg align="center")

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728884566/3d283289-45b8-48cf-98fb-eabce1667879.jpeg align="center")

Commit message:

update post: Flying over glaciers in Alaska

cmdngx9n7000702lc74xp5aaa.md, after:

---
title: "Flying over glaciers in Alaska"
seoTitle: "Flying Over Glaciers in Alaska: My Scenic Flight Experience"
seoDescription: "Photos of what it’s like to fly over Alaska’s glaciers with a flight lesson in Anchorage."
datePublished: Mon Jul 28 2025 18:55:28 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
cuid: cmdngx9n7000702lc74xp5aaa
slug: flying-over-glaciers-in-alaska
cover: https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728061493/9bddf802-c105-4625-928f-96b388fc1f15.jpeg
ogImage: https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728922019/4ff31f0c-7de8-4ecd-b18b-3ea22ffe8279.jpeg
tags: aviation

---

Last year I had the opportunity to take a flight lesson with the instructors over at Arctic Flyers in Anchorage Alaska. What an amazing time! I hope to go back this year to get more instructions on what it takes to fly in Alaskan airspace. Maybe one day I’ll be confident enough to go flying on my own!

<iframe width="1514" height="596" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jOlWguUZ5Mc"></iframe>

  

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728856526/ae142e4d-555c-4c56-ad09-2b7a64496af1.jpeg align="center")

  

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728868781/3f5c1701-b405-4f53-9ba5-8f8e21698ad5.jpeg align="center")

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1753728884566/3d283289-45b8-48cf-98fb-eabce1667879.jpeg align="center")
